Update COVID-19 Plan to Phase 3 (#318)
FarsetLabs/farsetlabs.github.io: coronavirus.md

Information for Farset Labs members and visitors during the Coronavirus pandemic, in line with [government guidelines](https://www.executiveoffice-ni.gov.uk/sites/default/files/publications/execoffice/our-approach-to-decision-making-summary-120520.pdf).

#### **Status: Step 3**

**The space is open to members that went through COVID-19 onboarding and guests under their supervision, but not public events, and all hackerspace meetings are remote.**

**Coming in to the space is conditional on attending COVID-19 onboarding and agreeing to our [return policy].**

> * **✅ Visitors: Yes, members can bring a few guests under their supervision.**

Reviewer: 'A few' is concerningly vague; a fixed maximum based on community expressed need is going to be more constructive and easier to handle in the worst case scenario and someone shows up with a dozen people because "there's no definition of a few in the rules"

```suggestion
* **✅ Visitors: Yes, members can bring a up to two guests under their supervision.**
```

Author: That's fair, I left it vague intentionally but happy enough if we set a number as well. I'll update it to 4 as we discussed at the Town Hall.
